---
title: Help | inXys
description: inXys help system
---

# The Information Exchange (inXys)

Following up on the work of the Electronic Information Exchange System (EIES) of the mid-1970s to early 1990s,
inXys presents a different communication model that commonly used on the Internet today. Many of today's information systems follow the simple forum model that lends to a free-for-all discussion format.
We wanted to leverage what we had learned in our research of connectivity and information systems to create
a better system.

## Information Model

The inXys information model is built around the core objects and the services that support them:

 - User
 - Group
 - Conference
    - Topics
    - Comments
    - Replies
 - Ticket
 - Notification
 
**Users** are the core of the system, representing the attributes assigned to individuals participating in
the information model.

**Groups** are collections of users that can be assigned freely as an individual user and
in that context act as a collective user.

A **conference** is a discussion by users focused on a particular **topic**. Topics have **comments** made by users. A comment may have user **replies** furthering the discussion around that initial comment.

**Tickets** are privilege assignments made by users to other users on their behalf. The ticket grants the holder access determined by the granting user, up to but no more than that allowed by the granting user on the target object.

**Notifications** are short messages generated by the system or by users. Notifications cover a wide variety of categories. They are intended to be transient and short-lived messages.

## FAQ

Frequently asked questions and other help topics of popular interest.
